Fix server error when `blowfish_secret` is not exactly 32 bytes long (#17725)
phpmyadmin/phpmyadmin: doc/config.rst

    :type: string
    :default: ``''``

    The "cookie" auth\_type uses the Sodium extension to encrypt the cookies. If you are using the "cookie" auth\_type,
    enter here a generated string of random bytes to be used as an encryption key. It will be used internally by the

>     Sodium extension: you won’t be prompted for this encryption key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Sodium extension: you won't be prompted for this encryption key.
```
